rating is required for many of those positions, I
would say probably 80% of the two-star positions
in the Air Force Reserve are automatically ruled
out to me because I'm not rated. But by process of
elimination, there are, I would say, six two-star
jobs that are eligible, that are open to non-rated
people. I would say at least four of those are
filled with people that are young enough that
they're going to be in it longer than I have time
within which to make my rank. So there's only one
and possibly two positions in the entire Air Force
Reserve that may open up in time for me to be
considered for them. And the competition is
unbelievable because anybody you talk to is going
to have, they're going to be water walkers as the
current fad is around, you know, They're just
absolutely perfect. All of them are. So then it
boils down to who knows who and
really basically what the active duty guy, who he
wants in that position. A lot of times if he knows
one guy and doesn't know another guy, he'll pick
the guy he knows. And that's normal. So although
technically it's possible and it's something
that I certainly have hopes for, I'm not overly
optimistic that I'll ever make the second star.
But
I went either way. Because if I don't make the
second star in
just a little over three years and eight months,
I'll retire from the military. And that would give
me a lot more time to do other things that I want to
do. If I do make it, then of course, I'll have to
spend more time, an additional five years from the
day I pin it on. But then I would have accomplished
that goal. Win or lose, I'm going to be a winner on
that. That must be a great feeling. It is. It is. The
only thing that can really cause me problems now as
far as self-image and personal goal
accomplishments and so forth would be a breakdown
of my health because I like what I'm doing. I'm in a
job I want to do. My boss seems to be pleased with
what I'm doing, at least for the time being, and I
hope to keep it that way. The university is doing
well. It's just a great job and a great feeling, and
I really enjoy it every day to the fullest. Well,
that seems to be a nice place to stop. Not bad. Not
bad. Thank you very much.